Adding Clarification about reserved names (#8916)
github/docs: content/admin/github-actions/enabling-github-actions-for-github-enterprise-server/getting-started-with-github-actions-for-github-enterprise-server.md

If you want to learn more about security practices for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}, see "[Security hardening for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}](/actions/learn-github-actions/security-hardening-for-github-actions)."

{% endif %}

## Reserved Names

> When you enable GitHub Actions, there are two orgs created: `github` and `actions`. If your enterprise already uses these names, we fall back to alternatives. The `actions` org will fall back to `github-actions`, then `github-actions-org`. The `github` org will fall back to `github-org`, then `github-github-org`. Once actions is enabled, you won't be able to use these names anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enable {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} for your enterprise, two organizations are created: `github` and `actions`. If your enterprise already uses the `github` organization name, `github-org` (or `github-github-org` if `github-org` is also in use) will be used instead. If your enterprise already uses the `actions` organization name, `github-actions` (or `github-actions-org` if `github-actions` is also in use) will be used instead. Once actions is enabled, you won't be able to use these names anymore.
```
